Since ancient times, humans have wanted to feel close to God.
This is a noble desire.
The Bible says that if we seek God,
we can really find Him and draw close to Him.
Yet God is invisible.
So how can we feel close to a God whom we cannot see?
Would it help if we venerated physical objects
as a means to feel closer to God?
Some people use statues in their worship.
Others venerate icons and other religious images
as part of their worship.
But is it possible that those who try to get closer to God in this way
are actually drawing farther away from Him?
Consider what the Bible says happened when the ancient Israelites
made a statue of a calf and tried to use it to worship God.
And they called it a festival to Jehovah, the God of the Bible.
Did God accept this kind of worship?
No. He said that He was not pleased with what they had done.
Just think, instead of helping them to get closer to God,
this object actually pushed them away.
In fact, contrary to ancient rulers
who were often viewed as gods and had images of themselves made,
the great king overall, Jehovah God,
told his people not to create or use images for worship.
He said, you must not make for yourself a carved image.
You must not bow down to them.
I am a God who requires exclusive devotion.
Centuries later, the same command applied to Jesus' followers.
The Apostle John wrote to early Christians saying,
guard yourselves from idols.
God explains why His worship should always be free of images.
I give my glory to no one else, nor my praise to graven images.
He invites people to draw close to Him personally
and to pray to Him directly without the use of images.
Is it really wrong to use images, idols, or icons merely as aides in our worship?
How can we feel close to God if we cannot see Him?
To learn more, search for these topics at JW.org
or fill out the online request for one of Jehovah's Witnesses to visit.
At a time and place convenient for you.